CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Awesome React App

### Introduction
First of all, thank you for considering to contribute! 🙏

Everybody can help make this project a little more awesome, doesn't matter if it's a big or small contribution.
Please make sure you follow the code of conduct, which is located in the repository master directory, in order for everyone to have a peaceful and progressive experience.
Find out below, which steps are needed to help out exactly.

### How to contribute
Follow these simple steps:
1. Have a look at the [issue page](https://github.com/ifactory-solutions/awesome-react-app/issues) of the repository.
2. Choose an issue you would like to resolve/contribute.
3. Leave a comment in the issue, stating that you are working on it.
4. Fork the repository [here](https://github.com/ifactory-solutions/awesome-react-app/fork_select).
5. Switch to the 'master' branch of the repository.
5. Start making the changes to your forked repository.
6. If you think you're done, submit a pull request (For help, click [here](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/)).

7. (Optional step) Go to the issue page which you resolved and leave a comment referencing the pull request (For general help with issues, click [here](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/)).

-> Done! 🎉  You did your part, now you can lean back and wait for your pull request to be reviewed.

Commit message:

docs(contribute): Update CONTRIBUTING.md
All contributions should have an issue related, a branch which is based
on `develop` and only opened PR's to `develop`.

This resolve #27

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Awesome React App

### Introduction
First of all, thank you for considering to contribute! 🙏

Everybody can help make this project a little more awesome, doesn't matter if it's a big or small contribution.
Please make sure you follow the code of conduct, which is located in the repository master directory, in order for everyone to have a peaceful and progressive experience.
Find out below, which steps are needed to help out exactly.

### How to contribute
Follow these simple steps:
1. Have a look at the [issue page](https://github.com/ifactory-solutions/awesome-react-app/issues) of the repository.
2. Choose an issue you would like to resolve/contribute.
3. Leave a comment in the issue, stating that you are working on it.
4. Fork the repository.
5. Switch to the 'develop' branch of the repository.
5. Start making the changes to your forked repository.
6. If you think you're done, submit a pull request to branch 'develop'. Make sure
to referencing the related issue. (For help, click [here](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/)).

-> Done! 🎉  You did your part, now you can lean back and wait for your pull request to be reviewed.
